Colleague?
Yes.
And a friend.
[Diener] Will you stay for the autopsy?
No.
-But could I have a moment?
-Of course.
Dear God,
I pray to you for her.
Grant her eternal rest.
Let light shine upon her...
and may her soul rest in peace.
You're absolutely certain?
Yes. Apartment 3B.
And VanDyke lived there or stayed there?
We've gone through this.
Indulge me.
The GPS data points
that plotted VanDyke's whereabouts
the day Elizabeth was killed,
I went to each one.
Every step he took that day, I've taken.
Every store, restaurant,
apartment building.
3B.
I showed the super his photo and my badge.
VanDyke lived there. Off and on.
Helen Field?
Sister, friend, girlfriend?
Comrade-in-arms?
I still don't know yet.
Weecha and I will take a run at Ms. Field.
You have a case to solve.
More important than solving this?
It might be to Agent Park.
Hey.
-What are you doing here?
-Looking at you.
You look good. Marriage suits you.
-How's Perry?
-Peter's fine.
I was texting to see
what he wants me to order him.
You introduced him to our spot.
Can't decide if I'm jealous or touched.
You should be leaving.
Preferably before he gets here.
-I have a job for you.
-I already have a job.
-Heard you left the academy.
-You following me?
Trying to. What you're doing now,
I can't figure out.
-Can't be as exciting as what we did.
-It wasn't exciting. Or legal.
It was extralegal and necessary,
and you were good at it.
Which is why I'm here.
I've helped start an organization.
The Conglomerate.
The answer's no.
-You don't even know the question.
-Sure I do.
And it's not about work.
Well...
In case you change your mind.
I won't.
I hope that's not true.
-Hey.
-Hi.
I'm Peter.
John.
Alina and I used to work together.
Really?
Do tell.
-She likes to keep me in the dark.
-I bet.
John was just leaving.
-See what I mean?
-Another time.
Nice to meet you.
Alina, it's always a pleasure.
So, what'd you do together?
Oh, uh, you know, kill people.
Right.
Serves me right for asking.
Did you order? I'm starving.
I didn't.
But sorry, I got a text from work.
I have to go.
I'm sorry.
Don't be sorry. Go.
Save the planet.
Or whatever it is you do
that you can't tell me about.
-I've been trying to answer more.
-And I'm trying to ask less.
Look at us.
Quite a team.
We all know governments
sanction assassinations
through their intel agencies.
The CIA, MI6, SVR, Mossad.
According to Raymond,
four of these contract killers
have formed a new organization
called the Conglomerate.
Do any of you know anything about this?
Me?
No. I mean, I've heard rumors,
whispers of a company of assassins.
Is that what this is?
A company that's privatized assassination?
Yes. And Raymond says
they're taking on clients.
-Does he know the clients?
-No.
Only the victims.
A supposedly untouchable arms dealer.
A Kosovan minister accused of terrorism.
A corrupt police chief.
[Ressler] At least
they're targeting bad guys.
[Dembe] For now.
The Conglomerate serves
any ideology of any country.
If you can pay, they'll kill. Good or bad.
I'll reach out to my contact at Langley.
If I get his blessing, we're good to go.
The way Raymond talked,
I thought you'd know more about this.
No, I don't.
I'm not sure what he was thinking.
-[Park] What were you thinking?
-Agent Park.
My wet work is none of your business,
or the task force's.
Bad timing, I'm afraid.
I have an engagement.
Did you know they approached me?
Is that why?
Because I'm not doing it
if you're worried.
I'm not worried. I'm late.
But stay. Raid the fridge.
Why are you doing this to me?
"Wet work" is such
a delightfully bland euphemism
for the act of spilling blood.
Leave it to the Russians to coin
a phrase so dripping with sangfroid.
Why?
There's a tin of beluga caviar in there.
It'll calm even your frayed nerves,
Agent Park.
Champagne, as well.
Close up when you're done.
[sighs]
[Richter] Alina Park?
John Richter.
I hear you've had some excitement.
Hey!
Do I know you?
The man you assaulted
decided to press charges.
The man I assaulted
was assaulting a woman.
That's why I assaulted him.
-So if you're his lawyer--
-I'm not.
Much to my mother's disappointment.
A cop. An investigator.
A fan.
Not every day I meet a woman
who smashes a man across the head
with Grande Cuvée.
They were out of Jack.
Sense of humor. That wasn't in your file.
What file?
Are you happy at the academy?
Who are you?
Most people don't realize anger
is the purest expression of care we have.
Rage comes from a lack of control.
A fear you can't protect yourself
or the people you care about.
From the amount of anger
I noted in your file...
I imagine you are
an incredibly caring person.
That's why I'm here.
To see for myself.
What do you want from me?
Right now?
I can't think of anything
I don't want from you.
[Park] I wasn't honest before.
I do know about the Conglomerate.
In fact, I was asked to join it.
You were asked
to join a team of assassins?
Yes.
Why?
Because I am one.
Okay.
That's funny. That's funny.
I thought you actually had a lead.
I do.
A member gave me that this morning.
He's ex-CIA. He's recruiting me now
because he recruited me then.
-You're with the Agency.
-If I told you, I'd have to kill you.
That's such a bad joke.
In this case, it's true.
Okay, I'll bite.
Why is not-the-Agency
keeping a file on me?
Aye Su.
An infamous Burmese junta leader.
Aye Su is why the CIA is interested in me?
He's a repressive ethnic cleanser.
He's a monster.
What's that got to do with me?
Your file suggests you have
a low tolerance for monsters.
Doesn't everyone?
It also suggests you're willing
to do something about it.
[Aram] Wait. Hold on.
You make it sound like
it was a pick-up line.
Like he just sat down and was like,
"Hey, how you doing?
Wanna kill a military strongman?"
I didn't wanna just kill
a military strongman.
I was asked by my government
to assassinate a monster.
And you said yes.
I'm still trying to understand why.
[Park] Why don't I wanna date him?
Because he's a 30-year-old
who works at a movie theater.
Don't play him like that.
He runs a chain of movie theaters.
That's so exciting.
Wait, let me grab my lingerie.
Boring is good.
Boring is 2.2 kids, a dog and a pension.
Fine. Have Mr. Boring call.
But it's not going anywhere.
[phone dialing]
[Richter] I knew you'd call.
If I say yes,
what exactly would I have to do?
After Keen died
and the task force broke up,
I was kind of lost.
Acting out. Looking for something.
For a purpose.
You found it by assassinating a dictator?
You may not agree with it, but I did.
It was sanctioned by the government.
The people who made the decisions
could be held accountable.
That's not happening with them.
We can discuss
that fine distinction later.
For now, I care about
your willingness to help us go after them.
Murder Incorporated?
Absolutely.
Even if it means using this guy
to get the names of everyone else
in the organization.
-Yeah. I'm willing.
-Good.
Then I want you to call your contact.
Tell him you're in.
Did you know that camels
have been domesticated
for over 4000 years?
Who are you?
What do you want?
Who I am is not important.
What matters is that you
are Helen from Apartment 3B.
If this is because of Ken,
I had nothing to do with that.
Amazing animals, camels.
Their urine is said to cure hair loss.
Say the word,
I'll give your scalp a tingle.
What is going on?
Why am I here?
Are you two like a couple of freaks?
Charles VanDyke.
You're here to tell me about him.
Charlie?
I haven't seen him in years.
I'm sure. Probably not since I killed him.
Please.
Mister.
I don't know what it is you want,
but I'll give it to you.
I want names.
Friends.
Colleagues.
Acquaintances.
And anything VanDyke left behind.
Papers.
Books.
Bank records.
Computers.
You look like you collect things.
I want what you've collected from Charlie.
Okay.
Okay. Yeah. Sure.
Elizabeth Keen?
I don't know who that is.
He never mentioned her?
Never.
Two quarts! We're good to go.
I swear.
He never mentioned her.
We'll see.
He's here.
[Aram] Of course.
Of course what?
Samar's ex. This guy.
What is it with these
supermodel-y assassins?
Hey.
I'm glad you reached out.
I know what we're doing is all
cloak-and-dagger but a parking garage?
Yeah, sorry about that.
I have an appointment nearby.
I wanted to see you,
so I figured I'd kill two birds
with one stone.
Tell me who's involved.
-How's married life?
-Not signing on till I know the players.
Are you happy?
-Would you hate me if I hope you're not?
-Peter and I are fine.
You ever think about Cuba?
[Ressler] Cuba.
Let's think about Cuba.
Any chance you're gonna focus
on why we're here?
Yeah.
In a minute.
Who's that?
My appointment.
Be right back.
-Where's he going? Is he on a job?
-We have to stop him.
If he's not and you run in, I'm blown.
We'll never learn about the Conglomerate.
-[Ressler] Price I'm willing to pay.
-I'll go.
If it's nothing, he won't be suspicious.
[man speaks in Russian]
[in Russian] Who hired you?
They'll kill me if I say.
I'll kill you if you don't.
[gunshots]
Park, are you okay?
We have to go!
-I take it this means you're in.
-We have to go now.
[Cooper] You have any idea
what you've done?
-Never heard Harold raise his voice.
-Here's the reason why he is.
[Cooper] You saved an assassin
by assassinating his target!
Trouble in paradise?
Yeah. Stirred up by you.
By me?
Forgive me, I guess
I was under the false impression
that we were all adults here.
Thank God we're not.
I saw a gun and I reacted.
The man you shot could have been
a whistleblower or an undercover cop.
He was Vor.
You didn't know.
All you knew was you were choosing
a killer over a stranger.
I don't know what I'm more disturbed by,
your actions
or that you can't acknowledge
this was personal.
It was.
It isn't now.
It sounded personal to Ressler and Aram.
And before you say they're wrong
-or there's nothing going on--
-There isn't.
Before you say something
that isn't 100% accurate,
I want you to stop.
Take a moment.
And know that given what happened,
if you say anything short
of the absolute truth...
I will let you go.
[Ressler] A turtle statue?
A tortoise.
Hingeback, I believe.
[Aram] He's tied to it.
Your tech guy.
For the next 36 hours.
Part of some kind of a pledge drive
or pledge of allegiance?
Pledge week.
Yes. That's it.
A week of pledging.
To what, I have no idea.
The point is, he's indisposed
and this can't wait.
It was VanDyke's.
I had a nice chat with Helen from 3B.
Ah, which reminds me.
We brought camel's milk.
We had some left over.
Do you have any idea
who helped VanDyke find Liz?
Not yet.
I'm hoping there's a lead buried in here
that Agent Mojtabai can root out.
[Park] I didn't know Liz as well as you.
But I'm only here because of her.
She saw me, warts and all,
and for whatever reason embraced that.
Losing her was like losing
my guardian angel,
and whatever rage wagon
I was on, I fell off it.
Until I met John.
He gave me purpose.
[in Burmese] I don't care what
the Secretary General says,
they're not refugees,
they're enemies of the state.
You.
You!
Out!
[Red] It's salty.
Very.
A little disgusting.
But sort of delicious.
There's nothing encrypted.
But there is this.
A series of GPS coordinates
from the day Liz died.
We already mapped VanDyke
using his phone's GPS.
Right. We did. They might be the same.
But maybe not.
So I'm putting
the phone coordinates in blue
and the computer coordinates in red.
And if I overlay them...
[Dembe] They don't overlap.
Except in two places.
The cafe where you gave Liz the letter
and the restaurant where Liz was killed.
Two people were following her.
No. Only one.
VanDyke's blue. Who's red?
Elizabeth.
Train.
Safe house.
Coffee shop.
Restaurant.
He was tracking her.
Using her phone?
[Aram] I don't think so.
This software received signals
from a next-gen tracking device.
If we can find the tracker,
it might have a signature,
something that could tell us who made it.
Whoever made it wanted Keen dead
or was working for the person who did.
We need to find that device.
[Cooper] I appreciate that
you were vulnerable at the time.
It may have felt
that he was giving you purpose,
but I see it as taking advantage of you.
Yes, but...
he also helped get me out.
[In Burmese] I have her. The shooter.
-You were gonna wait in the car.
-What can I say? I missed you.
Come on.
If I took a bullet for you,
would you let me take you out?
-That's the only way I would.
-Hey.
I hear Playa Paraiso
is beautiful this time of year.
He was right.
It was beautiful that time of year.
You said Richter invited you
to meet his partners,
-that they may ask you to join.
-That's right.
And if they do, I'll help take them down.
All of them, including John.
Despite everything you've told me?
-Yes, 100%.
-[knock on door]
Excuse me.
Agent Park,
I saw that you ate some beluga.
I hope it helped.
-Could you give us a minute?
-I'll give you as long as you'd like.
I just need the clothing Elizabeth wore
on the night of the shooting.
I need to examine it.
I didn't know where else to do this,
you know, with you.
I did what I could to clean the room
and make it respectful.
The room's fine.
The chatter I could do without.
Okay.
That's it.
That's what she was wearing.
If there is a tracker,
I'm sure it's no longer operational.
Detector for GPS signals,
wireless audio bug,
wand for foreign objects.
If there's something on her,
I will find it.
[Red] Not her.
Her clothes.
She's in the ground.
I presume wearing something nice.
For what it's worth,
I hope you find who you're looking for.
I don't wanna know
what you're gonna do with them,
but you deserve peace.
[Ressler] We have a camera
in your button and a mic,
so we'll be able to see
and hear everything.
After Richter picks you up,
we'll follow you to the location.
-You look great.
-Thanks.
I wasn't sure what the dress code was
for a meet-and-greet with assassins.
[Ressler] Once we know where you're going,
we'll put a TAC team on site.
After we ID the founders
and get the conspiracy on tape,
then we'll move in.
After you've cleared the building,
not before.
I don't want any of this
blowing back on you.
Nervous?
Confused.
What we did, Su and the others,
we did it for our country.
Now what are we doing it for?
Money.
You make it sound like just business.
We want job security.
Something people
in our line of work have never had.
It's been a thousand years
since Hassan-i Sabbah
was our first documented brother-in-arms,
leader of the infamous Order of Assassins,
known in Arabic as Hashashin.
We are hashashin,
present at turning points
throughout history,
and yet for our troubles,
we've been freelancers, paid by the job,
hurt, physically, emotionally,
sometimes killed.
If we're lucky,
thanked in secret and disavowed.
How is the Conglomerate any different?
The target in the garage
was a Vor named Lev Salenko.
The jobs are the same.
The only difference
is the price and the accounting.
A percentage of what I get
goes to the person who brought me in.
Once he retires,
he'll continue to get his cut,
for pension and health.
Sounds like a pyramid scheme.
It's more like an incentive
to bring people in.
Yes, that's a pyramid scheme.
Is that why you're bringing me
into the pyramid, for an incentive?
Ancillary benefit.
What's the primary one?
To learn why you were
a no-show in Tangier.
I'm serious.
My partners know the work we did.
They know it was good work,
and they'll ask why it stopped.
Getting them to bring you in
may depend on what I tell them.
So...
what should I tell them?
[Park] I didn't bring a suitcase
to send a signal.
I brought a suitcase
because I have a plane to catch.
Yes, I'll keep in mind
the 2.2 kids, the dog, the cat
and the minister who pronounces us
Mr. and Mrs. Stupendously Boring.
Yeah, love you too.
I'm allergic to cats.
As for the 2.2 kids, I should warn you,
with everything they'll have to overcome,
0.2 is gonna be my favorite.
Talk about marginalized.
They'd have their own letter.
LGBTQIAP. For "partial."
You know, 0.2 is, what, maybe a hand?
A finger?
I'm tearing up thinking about
walking my little thumb
down the aisle at its wedding.
Listening as the minister asks:
"Do you, thumb, take you, index,
to be your lawfully wedded digit,
in hangnail and dislocation,
as long as you both shall wave?"
What if thumb falls for middle?
You know...
-the bad boy?
-The bad boy.
Passing thing. Good for a fling.
Maybe even a trip.
But in the end, she'll end up with index.
-How can you be so sure?
-Casablanca.
What?
Okay. You may run a movie theater,
but you know nothing about the movies.
Ilsa did not go for index in Casablanca.
Excuse you, Paul Henreid
is the personification of index.
Yeah, but she loved Humphrey Bogart,
who is completely middle.
So she went away with one guy
instead of staying with the guy she loved?
She went because of work.
It was important to her,
and she sacrificed her happiness for it.
Who would do that?
[Richter] That's the reason
you didn't come?
Because he's an index finger.
-That's why I skipped Tangier.
-Mm-mm.
I skipped everything else because...
he makes me laugh.
You said you could find it.
I could, or would, if it was here,
but it's not.
Someone tracked Elizabeth
until the moment she died.
At which point, the police came, took her,
everything was bagged and tagged.
The chain of evidence,
who was in charge of it?
Park.
You knew Agent Park was an assassin,
that after Liz died,
she took a job killing people.
I did.
That didn't bother you?
Ineptitude bothers me.
A lack of originality, margarine.
This, and most everything else,
up to and including
Agent Park's trigger finger,
deck chairs on the Titanic.
[Richter] Alina Park
belongs in the Conglomerate.
In eight months, she completed four jobs.
Four jobs so extraordinary she received
the Distinguished Intelligence Cross...
-More to the left.
-...awarded by the agency "for heroism
involving the acceptance
of existing dangers
-with fortitude and exemplary courage."
-Exemplary courage.
[Simmons] Your record is distinguished,
but not your commitment.
Eight months?
Nothing before or since?
If you are as able
as Mr. Richter says you are,
why did you stop?
Killing was easy.
Laughter was hard.
I needed more of it.
Michael Simmons, former SAS,
12 targets, eight kills.
Mirko Ibrahimović, sniper, DGSE,
answered directly
to the French Ministry of Defense.
Colleen Riano, former CNI, Spain,
responsible for at least
40 deaths that we know about.
Are these people heroes or terrorists?
[Simmons] Thanks for coming in.
That'll be all.
-They look disappointed.
-They loved you.
-How can you be so sure?
-You're still alive.
The vote's a formality. They love you.
I love you. You're very lovable.
Hey. We have to celebrate tonight.
And by celebrate, I mean have sex.
Name the hotel, I'll get us a room.
Goodbye.
[Ressler] We have everything we need.
TAC team's in position.
I will sleep with you anywhere, anytime.
It's a perk of the job, like dental.
I'm clear.
[phone ringing]
I have nothing to say to you.
I'm not calling about the Conglomerate.
I know, because thanks to you,
there is no Conglomerate.
The TAC team went in.
They arrested them. It's over.
I'm calling about Elizabeth.
It was the right thing. But I don't like
you nosing around in my business.
Richter is a good person.
You were with her after the shooting.
-You rode with her.
-I care about him.
And he cares about you.
He recruited you once
and wanted to recruit you again.
You said yes the first time.
-I couldn't risk a repeat performance.
-You couldn't risk it?
I have unfinished business.
We have unfinished business.
-Finding Liz's killer.
-Yes.
Which may not be possible without you.
That sounds vaguely complimentary.
I need you, Agent Park.
That's why I put the Conglomerate
on the Blacklist.
I can't afford to lose you.
Yeah. I rode with her
to the morgue. What of it?
The person who orchestrated the hit
put a tracker on her,
a tracker that might give us
a clue as to their identity,
if we can find it.
Aram and I looked through
the evidence on file,
evidence you signed for,
but it wasn't there.
-You sure there was a tracker?
-Yes. We have coordinates.
Then you have your answer.
You wanna find the tracker,
find the last place it transmitted from.
Thank you.
For proving my point
about how much I need you.
I'm sorry about Richter,
but clearly, without your help,
I can't seem to see what's in front of me.
Thank you, Agent Park.
[phone dialing]
Hello?
Aram, I know how to find
what we're looking for.
Honey? I picked up dinner
from Biryani Kebab.
I told them you had a chili allergy,
so if it's not mild, I--
[Richter] Hi, honey.
Tough day at the office?
Join us.
I said, join us.
To a job well done.
-Yeah, about that, it's not done.
-Richter's missing.
We clocked six in the meeting.
The TAC team arrested six.
Turns out, one was a guard
waiting outside.
-Have you informed Agent Park?
-She's not picking up.
You think Richter
connected her to the raid?
I don't know. If he has, she's in danger.
Get to her house now.
Why'd you do it?
Don't deny it, I know it was you.
They'll come here.
Did you do it for him?
Because he makes you laugh?
If you leave now, you can get away.
Did she tell you what we used to do?
The work we did?
Alina, what's going on?
-It's gonna be--
-Hey, hey! Focus.
Focus.
What we did together, did she tell you?
[Peter] She said you killed people.
Shot, stabbed, blew up.
Your wife's a killer.
-Leave him out of this.
-Why?
-He's the reason we're here.
-What's he talking about?
He knows what we did, but not what we did?
She left me for you.
Which I came back to rectify,
and here we are.
If you stay, you'll get hurt.
Which is it?
Are you concerned for him or me?
For him, he's my husband. I love him.
You're someone I care about.
Whatever happened today
doesn't change that.
I didn't wanna see you arrested,
and I don't want you hurt.
Especially not by me.
You?
You talk so much
you don't even hear what you say.
You wanna be heard, but you never listen.
Anger is the purest expression
of care we have.
Rage comes from the lack of control.
A fear that you can't protect yourself
or the people you care about.
And from the amount of anger in your file,
I knew you were an incredibly
caring person. Yeah, I know what I said.
-But you don't know what it means.
-And what's that?
It means I'm gonna kick your ass.
[Richter shouts]
[Park grunting]
I'm so sorry.
If anything had happened to you...
-I'm okay.
-Really?
No cuts, bruises?
Nothing broken? Let me see.
-Peter, look at me.
-I'd rather not.
I'm fine.
I'm not so sure about you.
[Dembe] Alina!
Park, are you hurt?
No.
At least not in the way you mean.
Weecha, hi.
It's, um... Aram. Remember?
Uh... The one
you can drink under the table.
He's in a bad mood.
I had a bad reading.
The flowers.
Apparently, they show ambiguity.
Okay.
Well, on the one hand, I have good news.
I did what you asked,
and the tracker on Liz,
I used VanDyke's computer
and got the location of its last signal.
-Which means we have a lead.
-That's the good news.
I also have some bad news.
Of course you do. Look at the flowers.
What is it?
The tracker's last signal
came from Rose Hill.
The cemetery where Liz is buried.
You guys should get out of here.
You know, go to a hotel.
CSI is gonna be here all night.
Which murder are they gonna investigate,
Richter's or my marriage?
After tonight, they're both dead.
Come on, you don't know that.
I never thought I made
the wrong choice ever.
I'm sure he feels the same way.
I'm afraid to ask him.
Afraid?
The CIA gave you an award
for extraordinary heroism
and exemplary courage,
which is all very impressive, by the way.
So go.
Be extraordinary.
You don't have to do that.
That was John's.
[scoffs]
Of course it was.
What did he smoke, Gauloises?
On a balcony in Monte Carlo?
You know what? It doesn't matter.
I don't care about him.
What I care about is you.
You once told me
that you weren't honest with me
not because I wouldn't like what I saw,
but because you wouldn't.
That you couldn't expect me to love you
until you learned to love yourself.
How's that going?
It's a work in progress, like us.
But I am making progress.
And I hope we are too.
Was tonight progress?
No. But it is...
the end of my keeping
any secrets from you.
You are my husband, my partner.
You need to know everything.
I want you to know everything.
You're right.
I'm not fine.
And one of the reasons is because I can't
rely on the person I rely on the most.
You beat a man to death.
I'm not sure I can help you with that.
I'm not, either.
But I wanna find out.
Do you?
Do you know who Raymond Reddington is?
Of course I do.
Why?
I think we better sit down.
[Cooper] I'm afraid you missed Agnes.
She's already in bed.
I'm glad, actually.
Because I've come to discuss
something with you that...
perhaps it's best she not know.
What's that?
I think I know how to find
the person who killed her mother.
Why wouldn't we want her to know?
Because to find them,
we need to exhume Elizabeth's body.
[theme music playing]